What is the sea witches name from The Little Mermaid?	Ursula
What time does Cinderella have to leave the ball?	Midnight
The song in the beginning of The Lion King, is called 'The Circle of ....' what?	Life
Who invented Mickey Mouse?	Walt Disney
Which hand is replaced by a hook on Captain Hook?	Left
Where do the lions live in the Lion King?	Pride Rock
How many dozen eggs does Gaston report eating each morning for breakfast in Beauty and the Beast?	5
What animal does Jafar turn into during his fight with Aladdin?	Snake
How many years was the curse over the castle in Beauty and the Beast?	10
What time does the royal ball start in Cinderella?	8
Which Disney princess has the ability to heal others?	Rapunzel
Which princess is known for wearing a green dress?	Tiana
Which princess wears pants rather than a dress?	Jasmine
Which princess attempts to disguise herself as a man?	Mulan
Which princess has a raccoon for a sidekick?	Pocahontas
Who was the first Disney princess based on a real historical figure?	Pocahontas
What country is Belle from in the Beauty and the Beast?	France
Who was the first Disney princess?	Snow White
Which Disney princess has no royal ties?	Mulan
Which princess has her mother alive, but her father is dead?	Tiana
Which Disney princess was the first who did not have a love interest in her film?	Merida
There are two Disney princesses who have red hair, one of them is Ariel, who is the other?	Merida
In Alice in Wonderland, there is 2 items that the White Rabbit is carrying when he meets Alice, one of them is a pocket watch, what is the other?	Umbrella
What was the first Disney Full Length Feature Animation to have no humans appear on screen in the movie?	Bambi
What is Ursula's name when she becomes human in the Little Mermaid?	Vanessa
In the movie Snow White & the Seven Dwarfs, how old is Snow White?	14
When fighting Hercules, how many heads does the Hydra ultimately end up having?	30
Which of the seven dwarfs has the longest beard?	Sleepy
Which of the seven dwarfs has the longest nose?	Grumpy
Which of the seven dwarfs has the biggest belly?	Happy
What is the name of the restaurant/arcade in the Toy Story that Woody and Buzz end up hitching a ride to?	Pizza Planet
What Disney princess made a short brief appearance in Frozen?	Rapunzel
When Cinderella is rushing out of the palace what foot does the glass slipper fall off of?	Left
In Hercules, baby Hercules' cradle is made out of a what?	Cloud
Before falling victim to the Queen's spell, how many bites of the apple does Snow White take?	One
In Toy Story, what does Mr.Potato head wish Andy gets for his birthday?	Mrs. Potato head
How many lost boys are there in Peter Pan?	6
In Tarzan, what color is Jane's dress?	Yellow
In Finding Nemo, what is the name that appears on the diver's mask to help Marlin and Dory find Nemo?	P.Sherman
In the Little Mermaid, what does Scuttle call a fork?	Dinglehopper
How many mice were turned into horses in order to pull Cinderella's carriage?	4
In Sleeping Beauty, what is it that Prince Phillip tells his horse Samson he will not be receiving, after being dumped into the stream?	Carrots
In Beauty and the Beast, what is Belle doing when is walks back home from town?	Reading a book
What is the name of the bear cub in Brother bear?	Koda
In Mulan when she is asked at the camp what her name is, what name does Mushu give her to use first as a joke?	Achoo
Where is the scar located on Scar from the Lion King?	left eye
In Finding Nemo, what language does Dory claim to be able to speak?	Whale
What is the name of the pelican from Finding Nemo?	Nigel
Who sent Aladdin into the Cave of Wonders?	Jafar
What Disney Character was accidentally referred to by these names: Bingo, Chico, Elmo, Fabio, and Harpo?	Nemo
What color hat did Timothy Mouse wear in Dumbo?	Red
A spunky little guy goes out into the 'big' world to find bigger guys to help defend his colony from some bullies. Which Disney movie is this?	A Bugs Life
Which Disney villain is known for the phrase "Off with her head!"?	The Queen of Hearts
What season of the year was Bambi born in?	Spring
Which Disney villain is the Lord of the Underworld?	Hades
In Alice in Wonderland, what did the Queen of Hearts use as a croquet mallet?	A Flamingo
In The Incredibles, where is Mr. Incredible on his way to at the beginning of the film when he is continually distracted by crimes in progress?	His Wedding
What is the first wish Aladdin makes with the genie?	To become a Prince
What part of the castle was Belle forbidden to go into in Beauty and the Beast?	The West Wing
Mushu from Mulan is mainly red, but what color is his stomach?	Yellow
Which one of the mice does Cinderella save from the mousetrap?	Gus
In Aladdin, what does the Genie say he would wish for if anyone gave him the chance?	Freedom
In what Disney movie can you find a character named "The Matchmaker"?	Mulan
In 101 Dalmatians, what color are Cruela De Vil's gloves?	Red
In Tarzan, where are Jane and her father traveling from?	England
What Disney movie mentions the nickname Wonderboy?	Hercules
How many crows are there that see Dumbo fly?	5
How does Wall-E get his power?	Solar Panels
What is Wall-E friend on earth?	A Cockroach
What was EVA looking for on Earth?	Life
What snack food does Wall-E give the cockroach in the movie Wall-E?	Twinkie
In the opening scene of the movie Frozen men are seen cutting what?	Ice
Anna from Frozen gets Elsa out to play by asking her to build a what?	Snowman
In Frozen, while playing, Anna is injured in a fall, to whom do her parents take her for help?	Trolls
In Frozen, how many brothers did Hans tell Anna he had?	12
In Princess and the Frog, what food does young Tiana's father invite the neighborhood to come taste?	Gumbo
In Princess and the Frog, what instrument does Louis the gator wanna play professionally?	Trumpet
In Zootopia, what breed of animal is Flash?	Sloth
In Zootopia, what is the name of the plant that makes the predators become savage?	Night Howlers
In Zootopia, which character has the last line in the film?	Flash
In Monsters University, what is the name of Mike's roommate?	Randy
In Up, what did Carl use to move his home?	Balloons
In Up, who wears the cone of shame?	Dug
In Up, what is the name of the bird that the scout boy calls it?	Kevin
In Up, what is the name of the scout boy that follows Mr. Fredricksen?	Russell
In Brave, which foot did Fergus lose in his fight with MorDu?	Left
What is Merida's horse named?	Angus
What is the profession of the witch whom Merida meets?	Woodcarver
In exchange for the potion, what does Merida give the witch?	A Medallion
In Cars, what type of cup were they racing for?	Piston
In Cars, was Doc a famous Race Car?	Yes
In Cars, what place did Lighting get lost in?	Radiator Springs
In Ratatouille, what name does Linguini give Remy?	Little Chef
Is Colette from Ratatouille, the only female chef at Gusteau's?	Yes
In Ratatouille, who gets into Skinner's office and finds the papers that prove that Linguini is in fact Gusteau's son?	Remy
In Tarzan, what is Jane's last name?	Porter
What is the name of Tarzan's elephant friend?	Tantor
After the shipwreck, Tarzan's parents live in what?	Treehouse
In Alice in Wonderland, what is the name of Alice's cat?	Dinah
The Queen of Hearts demands that her roses be what color?	Red